docs/manual/hacking.md, before:

# Hacking nvf {#ch-hacking}

**nvf** is designed for developers as much as it is for the end user. I would like any potential contributor
to be able to propagate their desired changes into the repository without the extra effort. As such, below are guides
(and guidelines) to streamline the contribution process and ensure that your valuable input seamlessly integrates
into **nvf**'s development without leaving question marks in your head.

This section is mainly directed towards those who wish to contribute code into **nvf**. If you wish to instead
report a bug or discuss a potential feature implementation, first look among the
already [open issues](https://github.com/notashelf/nvf/issues) and if no matching issue exists you may open
a [new issue](https://github.com/notashelf/nvf/issues/new) and describe your problem/request. While creating an
issue, please try to include as much information as you can, ideally also include relevant context in which an issue
occurs or a feature should be implemented.

```{=include=} sections
hacking/getting-started.md
hacking/guidelines.md
hacking/testing.md
hacking/keybinds.md
hacking/additional-plugins.md
```

Commit message:

docs/hacking: make preface more readable & friendly

docs/manual/hacking.md, after:

# Hacking nvf {#ch-hacking}

[open issues]: https://github.com/notashelf/nvf/issues
[new issue]: https://github.com/notashelf/nvf/issues/new

nvf is designed for the developer as much as it is designed for the end-user. We
would like for any contributor to be able to propagate their changes, or add new
features to the project with minimum possible friction. As such, below are the
guides and guidelines written to streamline the contribution process and to
ensure that your valuable input integrates into nvf's development as seamlessly
as possible without leaving any question marks in your head.

This section is directed mainly towards those who wish to contribute code into
the project. If you instead wish to report a bug, or discuss a potential new
feature implementation (which you do not wish to implement yourself) first look
among the already [open issues] and if no matching issue exists you may open a
[new issue] and describe your problem/request.

While creating an issue, please try to include as much information as you can,
ideally also include relevant context in which an issue occurs or a feature
should be implemented. If you wish to make a contribution, but feel stuck -
please do not be afraid to submit a pull request, we will help you get it in.

```{=include=} sections
hacking/getting-started.md
hacking/guidelines.md
hacking/testing.md
hacking/keybinds.md
hacking/additional-plugins.md
```
